.TH "MiniMap" 3 "27 Oct 2006" "Version 0.1.9" "Antargis" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
MiniMap \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <minimap.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBAGWidget\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMiniMap\fP (\fBAGWidget\fP *p, const \fBAGRect2\fP &r, \fBAntMap\fP *pMap)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~MiniMap\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBmapChanged\fP (\fBAGEvent\fP *e)"
.br
.RI "\fIchanges only part of the texture - shouldn't be called if the whole texture is changed, because this is SLOW! \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBmapChangedComplete\fP (\fBAGEvent\fP *e)"
.br
.RI "\fIcall this only if the complete texture is changed - otherwise this is SLOW! \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdraw\fP (\fBAGPainter\fP &p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMap\fP (\fBAntMap\fP *pMap)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetScene\fP (\fBScene\fP *pScene)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBeventMouseClick\fP (\fBAGEvent\fP *m)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBeventMouseButtonDown\fP (\fBAGEvent\fP *m)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBMiniMap\fP is the small map in lower corner. it's displayed through some single texture. the people are drawn on top of this. when the height-map changes, the texture has to be changed. So there are two different functions (mapChanged*)
.PP
Two things you have to take care of: 1) you have to set a map with setMap 2) you have to set a scene (for frustum-display) (setScene)
.PP
because typically this object is created within an xml-layout-file 
.PP
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "MiniMap::MiniMap (\fBAGWidget\fP * p, const \fBAGRect2\fP & r, \fBAntMap\fP * pMap)"
.PP
.SS "MiniMap::~MiniMap ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void MiniMap::draw (\fBAGPainter\fP & p)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBAGWidget\fP.
.SS "bool MiniMap::eventMouseButtonDown (\fBAGEvent\fP * m)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBAGWidget\fP.
.SS "bool MiniMap::eventMouseClick (\fBAGEvent\fP * m)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBAGWidget\fP.
.SS "bool MiniMap::mapChanged (\fBAGEvent\fP * e)"
.PP
changes only part of the texture - shouldn't be called if the whole texture is changed, because this is SLOW! 
.PP
.SS "bool MiniMap::mapChangedComplete (\fBAGEvent\fP * e)"
.PP
call this only if the complete texture is changed - otherwise this is SLOW! 
.PP
.SS "void MiniMap::setMap (\fBAntMap\fP * pMap)"
.PP
.SS "void MiniMap::setScene (\fBScene\fP * pScene)"
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Antargis from the source code.
